# v3.2019 - September 27 / 2019

**Location:** Study Room @ [Painswick Library](https://goo.gl/maps/m8Md2gRV5rzx6hVi9)

**Time:** 5pm - 9pm !!! (we stayed longer than usual)

**Organizer/Secretary:** [@paulywill](https://github.com/paulywill)

[meetup.com event](https://www.meetup.com/meetup-group-mpphiYJe/events/264822516/)

## Meeting

An excellent meeting once again! :)

Six us attended and discussed a wide variety of topics. We were off script and spent approximately an hour sharing and showing off what we're currently working on. Some things we talked about:

* WordPress
* Git and [Github](https://github.com)
* [Lynda](https://www.lynda.com/portal/patron?org=barrielibrary.ca) courses available to Barrie Library card holders
* Liz, mentioned [Ditogear](https://ditogear.com) and using [Arduino](https://www.arduino.cc/) to control stop motion animation
* Paul, shared his day job basics using [Z/OS Mainframes](https://www.redbooks.ibm.com/redbooks/pdfs/sg246366.pdf) | [vids](https://www.redbooks.ibm.com/redbooks.nsf/redbookabstracts/crse0304.html?Open)
* Here's an [MM Post](http://millennialmainframer.com/2013/12/hercules/) about IBM management angry at Raspberry Pi running [Hercules](http://www.hercules-390.org/) 
* Mainframe hacking: [vids](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLn8X7XnfC3mBoe1vFcme2C_VKdY4YYnNr) | [company](https://evilmainframe.com/)
* Chris, made his own verison of [MathIQ](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=intelligence.math.quotient&hl=en)
* The [FCC JavaScript ATM challenge](https://learn.freecodecamp.org/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-projects/cash-register/) some of us attempted for the rest of the evening, [partial solution](https://github.com/freecodecampBarrie/meetings/blob/master/v3_2019/cash-register-partial.js)
* [NorthOT](https://www.eventbrite.ca/e/northot-barries-largest-tech-meetup-tickets-68883334909) - growing monthly event in Barrie


## The Club History Log

When this study group was first organized in part because founder, [Quincy](https://twitter.com/ossia), asked for volunteers to setup local study chapters in their cities. 

The first meeting only 2 of us attended, 4 attended the second meeting, and now 6 attended this meeting. Always exciting to see growth.

Next meeting we're hoping to setup the Friday the same week as [NorthOT](https://www.eventbrite.ca/e/northot-barries-largest-tech-meetup-tickets-68883334909), but may have to schedule accordingly.

